9/16 meeting info 
Requirements and assigment 2

went through word doc with requirement contributions we all submitted together

highlighted yellow the ones that were nice
highlighted red the ones that we felt were required/high priority

selected a final 15
OVERVIEW (JOHN)

1.saving flashcards locally to the user's hard drive via .json file format (Ben)

2.can swap between sets of cards/quizzes, The app will allow for users to navigate between modules(Wei)

3.can create,edit,delete,export,import cards/quizzes (John)
The app will allow for users to delete quiz questions or flashcards from local storage.
The app will allow for users to edit existing flashcards.

4.The app will allow users to designate one or more answers as correct. (Justin)

5.The app will be able to display results after completion of a quiz.  (Justin)

6.The app will provide a graphical user interface that is intuitive such that the core features are accessible within a few clicks. (Justin)

7.The app will operate without requiring an internet connection and be usable at anytime on the device on which it is installed.(Justin)

8.The app will prevent incomplete data from being stored.(Justin)

9.The user could select an icon for the card to be added to the study deck if they missed the question (WEi)

10.The app will allow for users to load/save their study progress in either module. (WEI)

11.The app will allow for users to review flashcards in a randomized order. (Kaliph)

12.The app will allow users to create multiple-choice quiz questions with at least two answer choices and up to six answer choices.
    allow users to create MC questions with multiple correct answers(Kaliph)

13.The app will allow for users to flip through flashcards in sequence. flipping flashcars to reveals term or definition (BEN)
 
14.The app will allow for users to receive quiz questions in a randomized order. (kaliph)

15.Setting the default quiz template to multiple-choice (BEN)

NON FUNCTIONAL 
1. application minimum hardware requirements will be 2GB of memory and 500 MB of storage(BEN)
 
2. the application recomended hardware requirements will be 4 GB of memory and 1GB of storage(BEN)

3. the app will have no advirtisement(KAliph)

4. Can handle up to 500 flashcards and 200 questions quizzes (WEI)

5. Takes 2 or less second for actions like flip card, answer question(WEI)

6.The app will not collect or transmit any personal data.(Kaliph)



after selecting requirments, decided which requirements will be given to who so that they can fill out an SRS form for each individual requirement

John will upload the requirments to the github under the issues tab in accordance with assignment structure. 

goal for next meeting is to familiarize with tools such as qt, version control, and be ready to start implementation next week



